c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\CapMonsterDemo.exe.config
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\CapMonsterDemo.exe
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\CapMonsterDemo.pdb
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\CapMonsterCloud.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\obj\Debug\CapMonsterDemo.exe
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\obj\Debug\CapMonsterDemo.pdb
c:\users\fiach\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CapMonsterDemo\bin\Debug\secret.txt
